To make room for the environment here I think I want to just take the whole mech just everything here
and press em and move it all to a new layer to move it here to this one.
And that just cleans up this whole area for me to work with.
But it allows me to come over here and turn on this Lehre just to get a sense of scale and proportion.
So periodically I'll be coming over and turning on the air here just so we can get a sense of how big
the environment is compared to the Mac.
So I'll go and turn layer one back on and my thought is that the room or the environment that it's going
to be coming into would look something like this.
Maybe a little bit bigger but I kind of like the general atmosphere of this.
However I like these columns a little better.
To me these just say Egyptian columns a little a little more than these do over here.
Even without all of the hieroglyphics on this I still think of this particular shape says Egyptian to
me more than these do.
So I'm thinking of just general environment kind of like this.
Yet the pillars being like this.
So let's start working on that.
So since those pillars are going to be such a pivotal part of the room and really will help us define
how big this space is going to be I think I'll begin with one of those.
And looking at the reference image I think it's pretty much all cylinders so I'm going to begin with
a cylinder and once again I don't need 32 sides or go with 12 for now and I'll go ahead and change the
cap Phil to triangle fan and let's see what we can do here.
I'll zoom in with the period key and I'm going to go ahead and go to my quad view with control alt queue
for now and I'm a turn off the Tools panel with Tiki and let's see what we can do.
I think I'll
scale this down some and put it in place here.
All right so there's the first base piece I think for the next one I'll make it a separate piece and
since I don't have my tools panel open here.
And of course I could open it but since I don't have it open I'm going to create a new cylinder with
Shift A and that will bring up the ADD menu and I can choose cylinder right here so I'll choose that
and I'll leave the settings the way they are and I'll bring this up and begin placing this here as well.
So I'm thinking that maybe it's going to be about like this.
With that in place I'm going hit the tab key and go into edit mode and I'm going to insert a couple
of edge loops here.
I'm going to insert one to get this bulge out at the base and they'll be they'll need to be a couple
of others here for that top corner piece and I'll maybe insert another there.
So now this edge loop here I think I will hit control of Q to get out of quad view and I'm going to
press shift C to center everything up and maybe I'll just work like this for now.
I'm going to hit the s key and scale this out some and for these up here I think I'll go to face mode
and press alt and click on an edge between two faces to get a loop of faces and then Allt and shift
and do that again and I'll turn my tools tab back on now.
And I think I want to use the extrude normal's tool here so I'll click extrude and region and just pull
those out just a little bit.
Now I want that edge.
I'll just take this edge and scale it out.
For that flare and one of these and scale this out too.
And it almost looks like I need one more edge here down here so that I can grab these faces and scale
these out as well but I don't want to scale it in the z so I'll just hold the shift key down and click
and drag on the z axis here and drag that out just a bit.
And what I'm doing is just getting the basic shape down first just like we've done before.
And then I'll work with adding detail.
Hit the three key and five key just so I can see it from the side view here.
I think that looks good but I think this can be scaled out in the x and y.
A little bit more I'll insert an edge loop up here so that I can once again grab these faces.
Actually I think I'll grab this edge.
Scale it out.
Then grab these faces and scale it out in the x and the Y by shift clicking the z axis here.
And it feels to me like this top part is too big in relation to everything else.
So I think what I'll do now is in wireframe of borders select this I think I just can move this straight
up and perhaps that will allow me to increase the size of this
at something like that.
So now I've just increased the size proportionally and I'll just adjust this now up like this.
All right.
I think that is looking pretty good.
So I'm going to combine these two now with control J and then I'm going to move the origin of the object
down to the 3D cursor or in the center of the grid just so now if I move it around and hit the G key.
Now if I move it around it will move at at the base here.
I'm going to go ahead and bring back the Mac and get a sense of how big this place is.
So my thought is that this body piece is a little bit bigger than the size of a person because a person
is kind of in here controlling the whole thing.
And so if that's the size of the person then that gives me a sense that a person would probably be about
this tall on the column.
So I can get a sense of how tall I think these things should be.
And if I look at my reference image here you can see there's a doorway here.
So a person would probably come up to about here just just beyond the bulge here at the base so I'm
going to take this column back to the center of the grid now now
and I'm going to go ahead and smooth it with a subdivision surface of fire
and smooth the shading.
And now I'm going to add tab into edit mode and begin working on inserting edge loops as we've done
before.
Since these things are kind of aged and weathered it looks like they've got rounded edges here so I'm
going to insert some loops to get some of that I'm going to press the L key and then press shift and
H.
And that will hide everything except the selected piece of the object and I will with the C key the
circle select tool select all of these faces and hit the key to extrude and then scale this in event
and I need to now press alt h to bring everything else back.
I'll insert another loop up here.
I think I'd better expand this whole piece out so I'm going to click on the z axis shift click and expand
that out a bit and then up here at the top.
I don't need to do too much.
It looks like I might insert an edge loop.
Just try and hold that edge just a little bit.
I think maybe just to hold this all I like.
Yes.
All right.
So there is the pillar I'm going to bring back the Mac and I'm going to take a look at placing these
in the room here just to get a sense of how we're doing now once again this can change.
So I'm going to press shift d to duplicate and begin placing these here.